RHDEVDOCS-4079 - Z Stream release notes: 5.2.12, 5.3.9, 5.4.3 (#47707)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-rn-5.4.3.adoc

//module included in cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-4-3"]
= Logging 5.4.3
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:5556[RHBA-2022:5556-OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.4.3].

[id="openshift-logging-5-4-3-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, alerting rules for the `ClusterLogForwarder` did not take into account multiple forward outputs. This update resolves the issue.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2640[LOG-2640])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, alerting rules for the `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource did not take multiple outputs into account. This update resolves the issue.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2640[LOG-2640])
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references

> * Before this update, clusters configured to perform CloudWatch forwarding wrote rejected log files to temporary storage, causing cluster instability over time. With this update, chunk backup for CloudWatch has been disabled, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2768[LOG-2768])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, clusters configured to forward logs to Amazon CloudWatch wrote rejected log files to temporary storage, causing cluster instability over time. With this update, chunk backup for CloudWatch has been disabled, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2768[LOG-2768])
```

//module included in cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-4-3"]
= Logging 5.4.3
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:5556[RHBA-2022:5556-OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.4.3].

[id="openshift-logging-5-4-3-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, the ElasticSearch Operator did not respect the `referencePolicy` property of the `ImageStream` custom resource when selecting an `oauth-proxy` image, which caused the Kibana deployment to fail in certain environments. With this update, using `referencePolicy` resolves the issue and the Operator can deploy Kibana successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2791[LOG-2791])

Author: @kabirbhartiRH - LOG-2791 is included for 5.4.3.

* Before this update, alerting rules for the `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource did not take multiple forward outputs into account. This update resolves the issue.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2640[LOG-2640])

* Before this update, clusters configured to forward logs to Amazon CloudWatch wrote rejected log files to temporary storage, causing cluster instability over time. With this update, chunk backup for CloudWatch has been disabled, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2768[LOG-2768])

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we need below bugs for 5.4.3
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2791
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2536

Author: @kabirbhartiRH LOG-2791 is there, preview doesn't update. LOG-2536 does not need RNs per @periklis because it will be part of the 5.5 release.

//module included in cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-4-3"]
= Logging 5.4.3
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:5556[RHBA-2022:5556-OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.4.3].

[id="openshift-logging-elasticsearch-dep"]
== Elasticsearch Operator deprecation notice

> In 5.4.3 of the {logging} the Elasticsearch Operator is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release. Red Hat will provide bug fixes and support for this feature during the current release lifecycle, but this feature will no longer receive enhancements and will be removed. As an alternative to using the Elasticsearch Operator to manage the default log storage, you can use the Loki Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {logging} 5.4.3, the Elasticsearch Operator is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release. Red Hat will provide bug fixes and support for this feature during the current release lifecycle, but this feature will no longer receive enhancements and will be removed. As an alternative to using the Elasticsearch Operator to manage the default log storage, you can use the Loki Operator.
```

//module included in cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-4-3"]
= Logging 5.4.3
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:5556[RHBA-2022:5556-OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.4.3].

[id="openshift-logging-elasticsearch-dep"]
== Elasticsearch Operator deprecation notice
In {logging} 5.4.3 the Elasticsearch Operator is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release. Red Hat will provide bug fixes and support for this feature during the current release lifecycle, but this feature will no longer receive enhancements and will be removed. As an alternative to using the Elasticsearch Operator to manage the default log storage, you can use the Loki Operator.

[id="openshift-logging-5-4-3-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes
* Before this update, the OpenShift Logging Dashboard showed the number of active primary shards instead of all active shards. With this update, the dashboard displays all active shards. (link:https://issues.redhat.com//browse/LOG-2781[LOG-2781])

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> * Before this update, a bug in a library used by `elasticsearch-operator` contained a denial of service attack vulnerability. With this update, the library has been updated to a version which does not contain this vulnerability. (link:https://issues.redhat.com//browse/LOG-2816[LOG-2816])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, a bug in a library used by `elasticsearch-operator` contained a denial of service attack vulnerability. With this update, the library has been updated to a version that does not contain this vulnerability. (link:https://issues.redhat.com//browse/LOG-2816[LOG-2816])
```

> * Before this update, when configuring Vector to forward logs to Loki it was not possible to set a custom bearer token or use the default token if Loki had TLS enabled. With this update, Vector can forward logs to Loki using tokens with TLS enabled. (link:https://issues.redhat.com//browse/https://issues.redhat.com//browse/LOG-2786[LOG-2786]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when configuring Vector to forward logs to Loki, it was not possible to set a custom bearer token or use the default token if Loki had TLS enabled. With this update, Vector can forward logs to Loki using tokens with TLS enabled. (link:https://issues.redhat.com//browse/https://issues.redhat.com//browse/LOG-2786[LOG-2786]
```

> * Before this update, the ElasticSearch Operator did not respect the `referencePolicy` property of the `ImageStream` custom resource when selecting an `oauth-proxy` image, which caused the Kibana deployment to fail in certain environments. With this update, using `referencePolicy` resolves the issue and the Operator can deploy Kibana successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2791[LOG-2791])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the ElasticSearch Operator omitted the `referencePolicy` property of the `ImageStream` custom resource when selecting an `oauth-proxy` image. This omission caused the Kibana deployment to fail in specific environments. With this update, using `referencePolicy` resolves the issue, and the Operator can deploy Kibana successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2791[LOG-2791])
```

> * Before this update, alerting rules for the `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource did not take multiple forward outputs into account. This update resolves the issue.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2640[LOG-2640])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, alerting rules for the `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource did not take multiple forward outputs into account. This update resolves the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2640[LOG-2640])
```
